1. Over fitting, postcode and family income could be correlative and add the
noise.
2. The one with 33,559 because is the lowest.
3. The second one with the r^2 of 0.43, because the r^2 you should take the
higher value of R^2 even if r is lower, this is for prevent over fitting
4. Yes because the RMSE on the training data should be lower that the RMSE
in the test data
5. This divide the data in n-folds and use (n-folds - 1) as training data and
1 fold as test data, its run n times with the same n-folds by change the test
data fold each time, in that way you are using all your data for choose your
model, so it will help you a lot when you don't have too much data.
6. The validation set is a part of your original data that you will not use
during the process of creating your model, you only use after you have your
model for checking if the model is accurate.
7. You start with all the variables and drop the variables until you find that
the variables that you have are the ones that explain most of the changes in
your model, without add noise.
8. The model search all possible combinations of predictors and in this way
trying to find the best model.
9. Does the model make intuitive sense?
Are there any disallowed variables?
Explainability of model variables
Will it still work on the production data?
Is it valid for all situations?
Can I implement it in production?
Have I got enough documentation?
10.  Population Stability Index (PSI)
11. Population Stability Index (PSI) compares the distribution of a scoring
variable (predicted probability) in scoring data set to a training data set
that was used to develop the model.
12. 0.1
13. Don't check the model:
When we don't check the performance we could end with a model that isn't
accurate to the situation.
14. To be honest this isn't very logical that happen because normally the
accuracy take the test of validation data set and the discrimination take real
data that we have in production. But if the accuracy deteriorated we should
start to consider to recalibrate the model
15. For identified the model in Database of model inventory
16. because most of the time we will not be the only ones that have relation
with the model, so we need that everyone that could have relations with the
model could be able to understand the model and also our memory is limited so is
important for us to remember what was the steps and the reasons of the model.
